CEXT:6270: Enable Runtime Actions to Emit Configured Events by Provider and Event Name (#561)
adobe/aio-commerce-sdk: .changeset/dry-balloons-sip.md

---
"@adobe/aio-commerce-lib-events": minor
---

> New `publishRawEvent` export on `AdobeIoEventsApiClient` for publishing a CloudEvents 1.0 event directly to the Adobe I/O Events ingress using a resolved provider ID and event code. Accepts an optional `hipaaAuditRequired` flag to mark events containing PHI data for HIPAA compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New `publishRawEvent` export on `AdobeIoEventsApiClient` for publishing a CloudEvents 1.0 event directly to the Adobe I/O Events ingress using a given provider ID and event code.
```

Implementation detail.
